# Self-Assessment (Calvin Kinateder)
I learned a lot while working on our senior design project, Check. Check is a node-based neural network editor that uses visual features to create data pipelines and neural networks, an end-to-end data science solution for beginners. It is locally hosted, eliminating expensive hosting costs. It’s also open-source, allowing users to implement their own features. Check was really fun to work on and enriched my professional development significantly.

I worked on several different parts of our project. I implemented the training functionality, as well as added some neural network layers. I also created the backend for our demo application. Throughout working on the project, I learned some new frameworks and web concepts, as well as how to build multi-threaded python applications. Our biggest obstacle was integrating new features with an application as big as ours. We had many abstractions, and if I had to do it again, I think I’d use less. 

Our group accomplished what we set out to do – to build a working, node-based neural network editor. We also accomplished making a demo application to show our process working. Using a dataset for handwritten digit recognition, we created a model that could successfully tell the user what digit they wrote, given an input image. All of the models were created and trained with our Check application. The user could even draw a number (on a tablet) to input to the model.

I think our teamwork was successful. We divided up the work well so that members could work individually on different tasks, independently from others. I would like to specially recognize both Gareth and Nate for their hard work. They went above and beyond what was necessary for the project, with Gareth creating a very well-made backend framework and Nate doing likewise for the front-end. Overall, our project was a success and we made a working project that can be extended in many use cases.