# Self Assessment - Jimmy German
During my time working on our Senior Design Project I learned a lot. Our project is a open source graphical node based editor called Check. It’s able to visualize the process of how neural networks are created by displaying different nodes (layers of a model). We are allowed to funnel data through our pipeline page to train the data that we have on our website as well. Once the model is fully ready, we can train the model and see the progress it’s made. The cool thing about this website is everything is held locally, so it can be really easy to train models. The one downside is how powerful your computer is and how intense the model is to train. 

Overall, I learned a lot from this project. One obstacle I had was actually starting to work on the project. I got super busy with school and was procrastinating. While not having experience with Svelte it made it hard for me to start. Another obstacle was what frameworks we should use for our project. One thing I regret is not starting earlier because I could’ve been more help to the team. Now I have a surface level understanding of svelte and how everything works. I added a lot of front end functional features as well as CSS.  

I think our project was a success, one thing I think of is if I got more work done earlier in the semester, we could’ve had a fully graphical display of the training status. This would involve showing a graph for the training loss and other cool features. Other than that, we accomplished a lot. We created a graphical demo of a model that is untrained and training it live and showing the accuracy difference. This model was identifying handwritten digits from a human with a pen. We were able to create all the layers involved and a successful backend. It was cool to see all the models that were successfully trained by our website. 

Our team was successful, I personally wish I did more. Shoutout to everyone but especially to Nate and Gareth for killing it. Even though I’m not as experienced as Nate in Svelte, Nate taught me a lot on the frontend side. I did a fraction of the work as nate and anyone else did. Gareth did a lot of work on the backend especially in the first semester. He did a lot of work on the backend framework. He also came up with our project idea.  