## Part A
My focus throughout this project was to create a comprehensive easy to use frontend platform that really made an effort to be visually pleasing as well as intuitive. With the goal to cater our project to students and teachers, it was important to me that the design felt natural and focused heavily on the usability rather than the technical capabilities. Along with designing the front end, I was responsible for one of the focal points of our front end being the drag and drop node editor. I learned a lot about the Svelte Flow library whilst implementing it in this project and feel like I became more efficient at understanding 3rd party code and how to incorporate it into my projects.

I was also responsible for setting up the interface we used on the front end with our backend. I had never built a webserver that was served by a back-end API, so my familiarity with how that would be setup in svelte kit was lacking at the start of the project. I do think that I could have done a much better job abstracting the controllers and services to make a cleaner more abstract interface, but what we ended up going with worked. It did however create some hiccups in the process when parts of the interface had to be reworked. 

## Part B
Our group managed to accomplish exactly what we set out to accomplish, and given the time we had to do so, I think we greatly underestimated what we were capable of. We created a product that a user can intuitively used to build out the framework of a neural network and then proceed to train that model and watch it in real time. What we made was cohesive, well designed, and intrigued a lot of people at the expo. 

We worked well as a team. We were worried about the conflicting nature of our schedules going into the project, but in the end – it ended up being a benefit rather than a curse. With a busy first semester a lot of us were able to focus on design and logistic while the backend was built out by teammates with a clearer schedule. Then in the second half we were able to build up the frontend on the foundation created by the backend in the first semester. My efforts were definitely comparable to my teammates and Gareth deserves a huge shoutout for the time he put into the backend and help he was able to give to last minute details on the front end.
